the word of the Lord which came to
the word of the Lord which came to Jeremiah the Prophet against the nations
Jeremiah the Prophet against the nations
Jeremiah the Prophet against the nations against Egypt concerning the army of
against Egypt concerning the army of
against Egypt concerning the army of Pharaoh nikko king of Egypt which was by
Pharaoh nikko king of Egypt which was by
Pharaoh nikko king of Egypt which was by the river Euphrates in Kaka much and
the river Euphrates in Kaka much and
the river Euphrates in Kaka much and which Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon
which Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon
which Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon defeated in the fourth year of Jehoiakim
defeated in the fourth year of Jehoiakim
defeated in the fourth year of Jehoiakim the son of Josiah king of Judah order
the son of Josiah king of Judah order
the son of Josiah king of Judah order the buckler and shield and draw near to
the buckler and shield and draw near to
the buckler and shield and draw near to battle harness the horses and mount up
battle harness the horses and mount up
battle harness the horses and mount up you horsemen stand forth with your
you horsemen stand forth with your
you horsemen stand forth with your helmets polished the spears put on the
helmets polished the spears put on the
helmets polished the spears put on the armor why have I seen them dismayed and
armor why have I seen them dismayed and
armor why have I seen them dismayed and turned back their mighty ones are beaten
turned back their mighty ones are beaten
turned back their mighty ones are beaten down
down
down they have speedily fled and did not look
they have speedily fled and did not look
they have speedily fled and did not look back for fear was all around do not let
back for fear was all around do not let
back for fear was all around do not let the Swift flee away nor the mighty man
the Swift flee away nor the mighty man
the Swift flee away nor the mighty man escape they will stumble and fall toward
escape they will stumble and fall toward
escape they will stumble and fall toward the north by the river Euphrates
the north by the river Euphrates
the north by the river Euphrates who is this coming up like a flood whose
who is this coming up like a flood whose
who is this coming up like a flood whose waters move like the rivers Egypt rises
waters move like the rivers Egypt rises
waters move like the rivers Egypt rises up like a flood and its waters move like
up like a flood and its waters move like
up like a flood and its waters move like the rivers and he says I will go up and
the rivers and he says I will go up and
the rivers and he says I will go up and cover the earth I will destroy the city
cover the earth I will destroy the city
cover the earth I will destroy the city and its inhabitants
and its inhabitants
and its inhabitants tomorrow horses and rage old chariots
tomorrow horses and rage old chariots
tomorrow horses and rage old chariots and let the mighty men come forth the
and let the mighty men come forth the
and let the mighty men come forth the Ethiopians and the Libyans who handle
Ethiopians and the Libyans who handle
Ethiopians and the Libyans who handle the shield and the Lydians who handle
the shield and the Lydians who handle
the shield and the Lydians who handle and bend the bow for this is the day of
and bend the bow for this is the day of
and bend the bow for this is the day of the Lord God of hosts a day of vengeance
the Lord God of hosts a day of vengeance
the Lord God of hosts a day of vengeance that he may avenge himself on his
that he may avenge himself on his
that he may avenge himself on his adversaries
adversaries
adversaries the sword shall devour it shall be
the sword shall devour it shall be
the sword shall devour it shall be satiated and made drunk with their blood
satiated and made drunk with their blood
satiated and made drunk with their blood for the Lord God of hosts has a
for the Lord God of hosts has a
for the Lord God of hosts has a sacrifice in the North Country by the
sacrifice in the North Country by the
sacrifice in the North Country by the river Euphrates go up to Gilead and take
river Euphrates go up to Gilead and take
river Euphrates go up to Gilead and take balm Oh Virgin the daughter of Egypt in
balm Oh Virgin the daughter of Egypt in
balm Oh Virgin the daughter of Egypt in vain you will use many medicines you
vain you will use many medicines you
vain you will use many medicines you shall not be cured the nation's a third
shall not be cured the nation's a third
shall not be cured the nation's a third of your shame and your cry has filled
of your shame and your cry has filled
of your shame and your cry has filled the land for the mighty man has stumbled
the land for the mighty man has stumbled
the land for the mighty man has stumbled against the mighty they both have fallen
against the mighty they both have fallen
against the mighty they both have fallen together the word that the Lord spoke to
together the word that the Lord spoke to
together the word that the Lord spoke to Jeremiah the Prophet how Nebuchadnezzar
Jeremiah the Prophet how Nebuchadnezzar
Jeremiah the Prophet how Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon would come and strike
king of Babylon would come and strike
king of Babylon would come and strike the land of Egypt declare in Egypt and
the land of Egypt declare in Egypt and
the land of Egypt declare in Egypt and proclaim in migdal proclaim in North and
proclaim in migdal proclaim in North and
proclaim in migdal proclaim in North and in tarney's say stand fast and prepare
in tarney's say stand fast and prepare
in tarney's say stand fast and prepare yourselves for the sword devours all
yourselves for the sword devours all
yourselves for the sword devours all around you why are your valiant men
around you why are your valiant men
around you why are your valiant men swept away they did not stand because
swept away they did not stand because
swept away they did not stand because the Lord drove them away he made many
the Lord drove them away he made many
the Lord drove them away he made many fall yes one fell upon another and they
fall yes one fell upon another and they
fall yes one fell upon another and they said arise let us go back to our own
said arise let us go back to our own
said arise let us go back to our own people and to the land of our nativity
people and to the land of our nativity
people and to the land of our nativity from the oppressing sword they cried
from the oppressing sword they cried
from the oppressing sword they cried their Pharaoh king of Egypt is but a
their Pharaoh king of Egypt is but a
their Pharaoh king of Egypt is but a noise he has passed by the appointed
noise he has passed by the appointed
noise he has passed by the appointed time as I live says the king whose name
time as I live says the king whose name
time as I live says the king whose name is the Lord of Hosts surely as Tabor is
is the Lord of Hosts surely as Tabor is
is the Lord of Hosts surely as Tabor is among the mountains and as
among the mountains and as
among the mountains and as carmel-by-the-sea so he shall come o you
carmel-by-the-sea so he shall come o you
carmel-by-the-sea so he shall come o you daughter dwelling in Egypt prepare
daughter dwelling in Egypt prepare
daughter dwelling in Egypt prepare yourself to go into captivity for enough
yourself to go into captivity for enough
yourself to go into captivity for enough shall be waste and desolate without
shall be waste and desolate without
shall be waste and desolate without inhabitant
inhabitant
inhabitant Egypt is a very pretty heifer but
Egypt is a very pretty heifer but
Egypt is a very pretty heifer but destruction comes it comes from the
destruction comes it comes from the
destruction comes it comes from the north also her mercenaries are in her
north also her mercenaries are in her
north also her mercenaries are in her midst like fat bulls for they also are
midst like fat bulls for they also are
midst like fat bulls for they also are turned back they have fled away together
turned back they have fled away together
turned back they have fled away together they did not stand for the day of their
they did not stand for the day of their
they did not stand for the day of their calamity had come upon them the time of
calamity had come upon them the time of
calamity had come upon them the time of their punishment her noise shall go like
their punishment her noise shall go like
their punishment her noise shall go like a serpent for they shall march with an
a serpent for they shall march with an
a serpent for they shall march with an army and come against her with axes like
army and come against her with axes like
army and come against her with axes like those who chop wood they shall cut down
those who chop wood they shall cut down
those who chop wood they shall cut down her forest though it cannot be searched
her forest though it cannot be searched
her forest though it cannot be searched because they are innumerable and more
because they are innumerable and more
because they are innumerable and more numerous than grasshoppers the daughter
numerous than grasshoppers the daughter
numerous than grasshoppers the daughter of Egypt shall be ashamed she shall be
of Egypt shall be ashamed she shall be
of Egypt shall be ashamed she shall be delivered into the hand of the people of
delivered into the hand of the people of
delivered into the hand of the people of the North the Lord of hosts the God of
the North the Lord of hosts the God of
the North the Lord of hosts the God of Israel says behold I will bring
Israel says behold I will bring
Israel says behold I will bring punishment on Ammon of no and Pharaoh
punishment on Ammon of no and Pharaoh
punishment on Ammon of no and Pharaoh and Egypt with their gods and their
and Egypt with their gods and their
and Egypt with their gods and their kings Pharaoh and those who trust in him
kings Pharaoh and those who trust in him
kings Pharaoh and those who trust in him and I will deliver them into the hand of
and I will deliver them into the hand of
and I will deliver them into the hand of those who seek their lives into the hand
those who seek their lives into the hand
those who seek their lives into the hand of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon and
of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon and
of Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon and the hand of his servants afterward it
the hand of his servants afterward it
the hand of his servants afterward it shall be inhabited as in the days of old
shall be inhabited as in the days of old
shall be inhabited as in the days of old says the Lord but do not fear o my
says the Lord but do not fear o my
says the Lord but do not fear o my servant Jacob and do not be dismayed o
servant Jacob and do not be dismayed o
servant Jacob and do not be dismayed o Israel for behold I will save you from
Israel for behold I will save you from
Israel for behold I will save you from afar and your offspring from the land of
afar and your offspring from the land of
afar and your offspring from the land of your captivity Jacob shall return have
your captivity Jacob shall return have
your captivity Jacob shall return have rest and be at ease no one shall make
rest and be at ease no one shall make
rest and be at ease no one shall make him afraid do not fear o Jacob my
him afraid do not fear o Jacob my
him afraid do not fear o Jacob my servant says the Lord or I
servant says the Lord or I
servant says the Lord or I with you for I will make a complete end
with you for I will make a complete end
with you for I will make a complete end of all the nations to which I have
of all the nations to which I have
of all the nations to which I have driven you but I will not make a
driven you but I will not make a
driven you but I will not make a complete end of you I will rightly
complete end of you I will rightly
complete end of you I will rightly correct you for I will not leave you
correct you for I will not leave you
correct you for I will not leave you wholly unpunished
wholly unpunished
wholly unpunished you